URL: https://minipay.to/
TITLE: MiniPay | Dollar Stablecoin Wallet
PUBLISHED: 

MiniPay | Dollar Stablecoin Wallet Use cases Send Internationally Travel Wallet Buy Stablecoins Cash Links Virtual Accounts Virtual Card FAQs Mini Apps Blog Press Kit Documentation Download the app now! Download app English English French Brazilian Portuguese German Download app Menu Close Join 15M + wallets sending with MiniPay Do it all with Stablecoins Download app Download on Play store Join Testflight Send it, Swap it, Spend it—Anywhere, Anytime. 1 Download app Trusted by millions, growing every minute Real people. Real payments. See how far we've come... Total activated wallets 15M+ Every wallet is a verified phone number. Total Transactions 430M+ Transactions recorded on the Celo blockchain. Send funds globally Sending with MiniPay is like sending a text—done in 5 seconds. All you need is a phone number. * MiniPay is a self-custodial stablecoin wallet built on the Celo blockchain. All transactions are facilitated using USD stablecoins . Cash to crypto and back in seconds Seamlessly convert local cash into USDT, USDC, or cUSD using your preferred method— card, Google Pay, mobile money or bank transfer —and switch back just as fast. * All exchanges between stablecoins and local currency are facilitated by third party providers. Third party restrictions and Terms and Conditions apply. No fees, just stables Buy USDT, USDC, and cUSD stablecoins with ZERO fees. 2 * Available with select providers Global reach, local touch Send stablecoins around the world with a local feel. Send & receive with MiniPay Cash Links Send funds with a link. Share via text or email and claim instantly with no fees or delays. Send a Cash Link Fees so low, you barely notice Move your funds without the burden of high fees. Send for less than fixed $0.01 per transaction, thanks to sub-cent fees on Celo. Send to family, friends or anyone, in 60+ countries Australia Brazil USA Italy France Netherlands Portugal Australia Brazil USA Italy France Netherlands Portugal Australia Brazil USA Italy France Netherlands Portugal Switzerland Canada Cyprus United Kingdom Austria Zambia Switzerland Canada Cyprus United Kingdom Austria Zambia Switzerland Canada Cyprus United Kingdom Austria Zambia South Africa Nigeria Germany Sweden Slovenia South Africa Nigeria Germany Sweden Slovenia South Africa Nigeria Germany Sweden Slovenia Drag & swap with Pockets Swap stablecoins instantly Just drag and drop between USDC, USDT, and cUSD. You saw it here first. Powered by Hold & Earn Earn daily rewards of up to 2% per week on your balance—just for keeping it cozy. No strings, no locks, no hoops. Hold your stables, stack your rewards. * Available in select markets. Restrictions may apply Learn More The easiest stablecoin wallet you’ll ever use No complicated steps or confusing fees—just clear, human-focused features. Enjoy effortless onboarding and seamless fund transfers. Download app Download on Play store Join Testflight Download app Stay stable, go local Hold stablecoins and withdraw directly to local currencies, no matter where you are in the world. * All exchanges between stablecoins and local currency are facilitated by third party providers. Third party restrictions and Terms and Conditions apply. Mini Apps Earn. Spend. Save. Everyday tasks, powered by stablecoins. Explore Mini Apps Access third party Mini Apps on Celo Engage with Mini Apps for savings, bill payments, vouchers, and more. No Extra Setup Interact with Mini Apps without any extra steps. Real-World Use Cases Use your stablecoins for everyday activities, and earn rewards. Powered by 3rd party providers. * Available in select markets. Restrictions may apply Full control, complete security You hold the keys, and you make the moves. Protected transactions Authenticate every transaction with your Biometrics. Transparent & verifiable Every transaction is recorded on the blockchain for full transparency. Google backup Your wallet is backed up and easily restorable with Google, so you never have to worry about losing access to your funds. What people are saying about MiniPay See how our users are simplifying global transactions and making life easier with our platform. nic carter will be the most-used dedicated stablecoin wallet in the world within 12 months. gigahierz.eth @minipay does it again. Best user experience in Web3! Convince me otherwise... Alberto Martin 👀 what a great use case, travel and pay for an eSim on stablecoins to be connected. Well done. Brian Atoli Minipay is a game changer .I personally use minipay everyday,when shopping ,when buying goods, when I want to send money to my friends .we love it Victor Bryce Consumption of stablecoins especially in @minipay is next thing to watch...It's gonna be big..imagine sending money to someone overseas with negligible transactions cost,speed of light and they consume as their local currency..for me it's magic Nur'fatin' Hamzah Despite the initial friction, we love @minipay ! It offers versatile options to send funds directly to a bank account or popular digital wallets in Uganda—super practical. Nwachukwu Grace "Sharing joy this holiday season with MiniPay!" I sent instant cash gifts to my siblings with MiniPay! No more queues or delays, just seamless transfers that brought big smiles I also used MiniPay to donate to a local food drive, spreading love Sani H. Nasir Living in northern Nigeria, MiniPay has become my go-to for convenience. From buying data and recharge cards to paying bills and shopping for goods and services, it’s a seamless solution for all my financial needs. Alphoncy Sagin I’ve been using MiniPay for a while now, and it’s been a fantastic experience. It’s reliable, easy to use, and perfect for saving, spending, and sending dollar stablecoins. Definitely one of the best apps out there. Michael Asah Minipay is on a whole other level, to be honest. It makes cross-country transfer of money so seemless and so easy. With just a mobile number and an email account, money can be transferred to and from every and any country in just a few moments. MiniPay is most definitely the new "IT" nic carter will be the most-used dedicated stablecoin wallet in the world within 12 months. gigahierz.eth @minipay does it again. Best user experience in Web3! Convince me otherwise... Alberto Martin 👀 what a great use case, travel and pay for an eSim on stablecoins to be connected. Well done. Brian Atoli Minipay is a game changer .I personally use minipay everyday,when shopping ,when buying goods, when I want to send money to my friends .we love it Victor Bryce Consumption of stablecoins especially in @minipay is next thing to watch...It's gonna be big..imagine sending money to someone overseas with negligible transactions cost,speed of light and they consume as their local currency..for me it's magic Nur'fatin' Hamzah Despite the initial friction, we love @minipay ! It offers versatile options to send funds directly to a bank account or popular digital wallets in Uganda—super practical. Nwachukwu Grace "Sharing joy this holiday season with MiniPay!" I sent instant cash gifts to my siblings with MiniPay! No more queues or delays, just seamless transfers that brought big smiles I also used MiniPay to donate to a local food drive, spreading love Sani H. Nasir Living in northern Nigeria, MiniPay has become my go-to for convenience. From buying data and recharge cards to paying bills and shopping for goods and services, it’s a seamless solution for all my financial needs. Alphoncy Sagin I’ve been using MiniPay for a while now, and it’s been a fantastic experience. It’s reliable, easy to use, and perfect for saving, spending, and sending dollar stablecoins. Definitely one of the best apps out there. Michael Asah Minipay is on a whole other level, to be honest. It makes cross-country transfer of money so seemless and so easy. With just a mobile number and an email account, money can be transferred to and from every and any country in just a few moments. MiniPay is most definitely the new "IT" nic carter will be the most-used dedicated stablecoin wallet in the world within 12 months. gigahierz.eth @minipay does it again. Best user experience in Web3! Convince me otherwise... Alberto Martin 👀 what a great use case, travel and pay for an eSim on stablecoins to be connected. Well done. Brian Atoli Minipay is a game changer .I personally use minipay everyday,when shopping ,when buying goods, when I want to send money to my friends .we love it Victor Bryce Consumption of stablecoins especially in @minipay is next thing to watch...It's gonna be big..imagine sending money to someone overseas with negligible transactions cost,speed of light and they consume as their local currency..for me it's magic Nur'fatin' Hamzah Despite the initial friction, we love @minipay ! It offers versatile options to send funds directly to a bank account or popular digital wallets in Uganda—super practical. Nwachukwu Grace "Sharing joy this holiday season with MiniPay!" I sent instant cash gifts to my siblings with MiniPay! No more queues or delays, just seamless transfers that brought big smiles I also used MiniPay to donate to a local food drive, spreading love Sani H. Nasir Living in northern Nigeria, MiniPay has become my go-to for convenience. From buying data and recharge cards to paying bills and shopping for goods and services, it’s a seamless solution for all my financial needs. Alphoncy Sagin I’ve been using MiniPay for a while now, and it’s been a fantastic experience. It’s reliable, easy to use, and perfect for saving, spending, and sending dollar stablecoins. Definitely one of the best apps out there. Michael Asah Minipay is on a whole other level, to be honest. It makes cross-country transfer of money so seemless and so easy. With just a mobile number and an email account, money can be transferred to and from every and any country in just a few moments. MiniPay is most definitely the new "IT" nic carter will be the most-used dedicated stablecoin wallet in the world within 12 months. gigahierz.eth @minipay does it again. Best user experience in Web3! Convince me otherwise... Alberto Martin 👀 what a great use case, travel and pay for an eSim on stablecoins to be connected. Well done. Brian Atoli Minipay is a game changer .I personally use minipay everyday,when shopping ,when buying goods, when I want to send money to my friends .we love it Victor Bryce Consumption of stablecoins especially in @minipay is next thing to watch...It's gonna be big..imagine sending money to someone overseas with negligible transactions cost,speed of light and they consume as their local currency..for me it's magic Nur'fatin' Hamzah Despite the initial friction, we love @minipay ! It offers versatile options to send funds directly to a bank account or popular digital wallets in Uganda—super practical. Nwachukwu Grace "Sharing joy this holiday season with MiniPay!" I sent instant cash gifts to my siblings with MiniPay! No more queues or delays, just seamless transfers that brought big smiles I also used MiniPay to donate to a local food drive, spreading love Sani H. Nasir Living in northern Nigeria, MiniPay has become my go-to for convenience. From buying data and recharge cards to paying bills and shopping for goods and services, it’s a seamless solution for all my financial needs. Alphoncy Sagin I’ve been using MiniPay for a while now, and it’s been a fantastic experience. It’s reliable, easy to use, and perfect for saving, spending, and sending dollar stablecoins. Definitely one of the best apps out there. Michael Asah Minipay is on a whole other level, to be honest. It makes cross-country transfer of money so seemless and so easy. With just a mobile number and an email account, money can be transferred to and from every and any country in just a few moments. MiniPay is most definitely the new "IT" Get the MiniPay App Scan the QR code to download the app Download on App store Don’t miss out on the latest insights, updates, and tips! Email Subscribe Please accept the Terms and Conditions. By submitting this form you agree to MiniPay's Privacy Policy and Terms of Service Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 1 MiniPay is a non-custodial wallet built on the Celo blockchain. All transactions are facilitated using USD stablecoins. All exchanges between stablecoins and local currencies are facilitated by third-party providers. Third-party restrictions and Terms and Conditions apply. ‍ 2 Zero Fee top-ups and withdrawals are available in select markets with select third-party providers. Third-party restrictions and Terms and Conditions apply. ‍ MiniPay is a non-custodial wallet supporting CELO blockchain stablecoins and offered by Blueboard Limited. We do not provide investment or financial advice of any kind. We do not offer exchange services or any other services related to buying or selling assets. Services related to buying or selling crypto assets are provided by third parties under their own terms. If you choose to use a third-party service to acquire crypto assets, you should know that investing in crypto assets, as well as investments and lending linked to crypto assets, involves significant risk. When investing in crypto assets, you risk losing your entire investment. Please consider whether trading and owning crypto assets is appropriate for your financial situation. ‍ Download MiniPay to start sending globally for less Download app Download on Play store Join Testflight Download app Explore FAQs Mini Apps Blog Press Kit Features Send Internationally Travel Wallet Virtual Accounts Buy Stablecoins Cash Links Follow us © 2025 . Minipay All rights reserved. Privacy Statement Terms of Service